Feedback from presentation: 


Christian: 

Service sector is very price rigid and low import, 
but it buys input from other sectors like Manu. which has high import. 
With and without network comparison - with how sectors rigidity and import intensiveness playing roles. 

Regime choice. How optimal regime choice changes with or without network. If welfare
is changing so much, then maybe the parameter itself is quite different for 
network and nonnetwork. If so, then having network is important etc. For what network, what regime. 


- Maybe he meant, 
if service is so rigid and depend so little on imports 
having peg to useless exchange rate movements causes big real fluctuations? 

or manu.'s import translates into service import ....

- Also maybe he intended service is large but it 
imports less etc. 

- He also mentioned about how persistence of inflation 
leading to higher cost. I think we have the same conclusion on 
why UIP welfare loss is so high.


- He noted about how i miss the between sector loss. I really need to count 
for that


Christian's reply on clarification

Dear Sugarkhuu,

What I had in mind was quite simple. Think of the following extreme example. Two sectors Sector 1: the real economy, zero direct imports. Sector 2: Import-Export. Sector 1 has a high price stickiness, Sector 2 perfectly flexible prices.
Without the IO table I would conclude that a shock to exchange rates has no effect on markup (dispersions). The flex price sector keeps the markup steady, Sector 1 does not buy any imported goods.

Now consider the stylized IO Table
     		S1 	S2 	EX 	Final 
S1 		0    	30	0	55
S2		55	0	35	0	
IM		0	50	-	-
L		30	10 	-	-

S1 hires 30 labour, buys 55 from S2(imported goods) and sells 30 to S2 (goods for export) and 55 for final use etc.

S2 passes the exchange rate shock to S1, say p up by 0.1. For S1, S2-goods are very important. MC is up by 0.1*55 /(30+55) = 0.0647. Result will be a markup dispersion.

By buying from S2, S1 gets indirectly exposed to the exchange rate shock. 

Best,

Christian



Benny: 

- 
- Going through mechanics, shocks and model intuituion, and then show welfare. 



Adam: 

Hey man. Good job. Here's the comments I wrote down:. Not all will make sense, but just from what I understood of what people were saying

Clarify the demand vs cost-push shocks earlier in the intro
What's the optimal weight on the exchange rate (ended up becoming the main point people wanted to see)
Robustness on sectors that are upstream vs downstream
Clearer on the units of the welfare results
omegaX and omegaF: why right vs left multiplied
Phillips curve and the law of one price/uip all in there simultaneously: is the model over-identified?
More details on the shock processes before the results
Between sector dispersion for welfare losses
Effects of the volatility of the exchange rate processes
How does weight optimality change with presence of the network structure?
Decompositions a bit unclear
What's being re-calibrated in all these comparisons?